.TH auth0-password-grant 1 "FEBRUARY 2018" 1.0.0 "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
auth0-password-grant \- get an Auth0 access token through the password grant

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY auth0-password-grant
.OP \-BX
.OP \-v
.OP \-u user_name
.OP \-p password
.OP \-a auth_url
.OP \-c client_id
.OP \-r realm
.OP \-d audience
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B auth0-password-grant
requests an access token from Auth0 using the Resource Owner Password Grant.

Provisioning Auth0 access tokens for API debugging purposes is a commonly done task. As most tokens soon expire, it is often necessary to provision multiple access tokens in a single session. This tool lets you quickly get an access token from the command line and optionally copy it to clipboard for pasting into another application.

It is possible to pass request parameters through options. If an option isn't present, auth0-password-grant falls back on values specified in a configuration file. An error is raised if any request parameter isn't specified.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-u " "user_name"
Specify the username.
.TP
.BI "\-p " "password"
Specify the password.
.TP
.BI "\-a " "auth_url"
Specify the Auth0 hostname.
.TP
.BI "\-c " "client_id"
Specify the client ID.
.TP
.BI "\-r " "realm"
Specify the realm.
.TP
.BI "\-d " "audience"
Specify the audience.
.RE

.SS Other options:
.TP
.B "-B"
Prepend the token with the string "Bearer ".
.TP
.B "-X"
If xclip or pbcopy is installed, copy the token to the clipboard.
.TP
.B "-v"
Print the version number.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I "~/.config/auth0-password-grant/config"
User-specific configuration file. See
.BR auth0-password-grant (5)
for further details.

.SH RECOMMENDATIONS
For common workflows it is recommended to create the following alias:
.IP
.B alias tok='auth0-password-grant -BX'
.RE

to quickly construct a valid Authorization header and put it in the clipboard.

.SH AUTHOR
.MT igorsowinski.mail@\:gmail.com
Igor Sowinski
.ME

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \[u00A9] 2018 Igor Sowinski.  Licensed under the 3-clause BSD license.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR auth0-password-grant (5)
